Yuma: Last time on
yu-Gi-Oh zexal!
Shark: I can't believe it.
You actually showed.
Hope you said your goodbyes
cuz all of your cards
are about to be mine.
Sorry, But the only thing that
you're gonna be getting
is a good old fashioned
Butt-Kickin'.
COMPUTER VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
Now, big jaws,
it's feeding time.
Attack!
Ah, my life points.
You fool.
Did you really
think you could beat me,
the best of the best, and win
bronk's deck back?
yeah, I kinda did.
guess I was wrong.
Face it, yuma!
I stomped your
little key to pieces
and now I'm gonna stomp you.
That's where you're
wrong, shark!
E when you're feeling the
flow,there's no going back!
And speaking of feelin'
the flow
I so am!
It's my dream.
Door: This is no dream.
Have you the courage to unlock
this power?
It is time to decide, yuma.
Let's flow!
Ahhh!
NUMBER: Yes, shark.
Let the number take hold
I overlay level 3
big jaws and kraken!
Number 17, leviathan Dragon
attack with Shock stream blast.
[yelling]
ASTRAL: Rise!
Huh...ahh!
Rise up.
Who, who are you?
[♪...]
♪ if life is a game they
say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die if I
high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and Chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me through my
darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll take a
chance in today ♪
who...who are you?
Ahh.. Hey...can you talk?
Say something already!
Astral.
Huh? What's an astral?
My name if I recall.
If you recall?
What do you mean by that?
Tori: What's going on, yuma?
Bronk:Yeah, who are
ya talkin' to?
What do you mean "who"?
this guy right here.
Where?
Right here.
Look.
He's lost it.
What's with you guys?
Just open your eyes.
I mean, he's kinda hard to miss.
Big tall glowing guy?
Floating in mid air?
-Vapors, spiky hair, no shoes??
-Uh-Oh, Tori
he's losing so bad he's
hallucinating!
I am not!
Maybe I'm the only one
who can see him.
Or maybe I actually
have lost it!
What have you lost?
Perhaps we can find it together.
Huh?
Hold on
I know!
You've come here to help me.
Yeah, that's it.
You've been watching over me
ever since I first
started dueling.
Ever since my dad
left me his deck.
And when you saw that
I was dueling shark
one of the best duelists around
you decided to finally let your
presence be known.
You are none other than my
guardian Angel!
His what?
I am no such thing.
Or am I?
Huh?
You don't know what you are?
Not only do I not
recall who I am
but I don't recall
much of anything.
Only that I arrived here
with a great purpose
which now escapes me.
Errrrr!
It escapes you?
Then just how great
could it have been?
Boy, you're
annoying!
Alright, enough of this
maybe if I just ignore this guy,
he'll go away.
Go where?
I don't care where!
Get it together, yuma.
Now duel.
Alright already.
okay, phase the walking
flashlight out and this duel in
gotta figure out how to deal
with This weird number card.
Ever since it showed up, shark
has been extra creepy.
Ah, the mighty number 17,
leviathan Dragon.
With this xyz monster on the
field, there's no stopping me.
And that you can count on, yuma.
[sinister laughter]
Your deck will soon be mine.
But all in good time.
I end my turn with a facedown.
He is angry.
Uh Yeah, but his Dragon is about
to make him feel better
by Ending this duel.
Duel?
That word is familiar.
Huh?
What do you know about dueling?
Plenty.
Yes, that's it... I duel.
And I tap dance, now quiet.
Yep, yuma's lost it.
I can duel!
Observe!
Draw!
Hold on - That's my line!
My turn, I draw.
First I will summon gogogo
golem in defense mode.
Quit interruptin' already.
I summon gogogo golem
in attack mode.
1800 attack points.
That's not enough to
defeat that Dragon.
Thank you, captain obvious.
Next, from my hand, I play the
spell blustering wind.
And it's gonna blow your mind,
cuz now one monster of mine
in Attack mode Gains 1000 points
'Til my next turn.
Ah yeah! Take him down.
Now go, gogogo golem.
Attack leviathan Dragon.
All right!
Leviathan Dragon is toast.
And shark's life points just
took a dive.
Yeah!
Turn around.
Oh no.
[roaring]
But yuma just destroyed
that thing.
No fair, how's it still on the
field?
If they're both in attack mode
the one with higher
points wins, right?
What gives?
I took down your monster fair
and square.
Afraid not.
A number monster
can only be beat by
another number monster.
For real?
But...I don't have any number
monsters.
So that Dragon's on the field
for good?
This is big time bad.
Awnow what am I gonna do?
I mean
if I can't beat shark's monster,
then how am I supposed
to beat shark?
How indeed?
And you had better start
figuring that out
because shark looks
ready to attack.
Shark is gearing up to attack.
Better do something.
Or you are through.
And what makes you a dueling
expert all of a sudden?
Observation #1: This particular
human's dueling skills
are less than skillful.
That's not True!
Well, actually
kinda is.
That is the first correct thing
you have said.
Well, no hard feelings then.
First, what?
Who do you think you are?
It's my turn now isn't it?
I draw.
I summon drill barnacle!
300 attack points.
You are lucky.
What do you mean
I'm lucky?
I activate my Dragon's ability.
So by using an overlay unit
I can power up leviathan
Dragon's strength.
3000 points now?
Whoa.
Since shark's leviathan Dragon
had one last Overlay Unit
remaining
it was obvious what he would do.
Just as it's obvious what he
will do now.
What?
It's time, leviathan Dragon.
Attack gogogo golem!
[Explosions]
just 800 points left
guess this guy was right about
me being lucky.
I'm not finished yet, yuma.
Drill barnacle.
Dig in.
Ahhhh!
Yuma
for your information, when in
defense mode,that golem
has an effect that prevents it
from being destroyed in battle.
Now do you understand
why I suggested you bring him
out in defense mode?
You are not very good at this.
Be quiet!
Oh my, what's this?
My life force seems to be
draining away.
-Numbers
-Huh?
They're the key
the key to unlocking
my sealed memory
you see, numbers are special
cards, even among xyz monsters.
They cannot be defeated like
regular cards
and in a duel where numbers
cards are used
the Winner absorbs the loser's
number cards.
Where you going with this?
I don't know for sure
all I do know is you must win.
Ahh.
Otherwise, I will meet a very
bad end.
Thanks a lot, no pressure or
anything.
Alright, let's see here.
I don't have the cards for a
counterattack
which means I'll just have to
cross my fingers and hope
that I can survive attacks from
both Leviathan Dragon and Drill
Barnacle until I do.
While you think things over
I activate drill barnacle's
effect.
Because it was able to deal
damage to you,
it now gains 1000 attack points.
But just wait,
yuma, there's more.
Drill barnacle's a monster that
can attack you directly.
Which means on the next turn,
if that attack connects,
you're through!
Nuts!
I wasn't planning for a direct
attack.
What do I do?
Hey!
I'll play my facedown,
that's what.
Hm, now what'd I
throw down again?
You played Bye Bye damage.
And had you activated it
earlier,
you would have dealt
damage to shark
and gogogo Golem would not have
been destroyed.
Well maybe I was distracted
'cause of all your blabbin'
speaking of, how about you zip
it and duel
you stay outta this.
Stay outta what exactly?
My talk with my
invisible friend!
You know what's gonna be
invisible, as in vanished?
Your life points.
Nope, still there.
But not for long.
Unless
you start listening to me for
some dueling advice, yuma!
Not later.
Now.
Can you at least say 'please'?
Stop making dumb
mistakes...Please.
That's not what I meant.
Just go away!
On your next draw, we need a
card that allows you
to summon more
than once this turn.
A card that lets me do what?
Special summon a monster.
Fine, I'll try!
Alright for the sake of both my
and bronk's decks!
Here goes!
I draw!
Monster reborn.
It seems that fate has come
through for me this time.
But I'm the one who drew it!
I summon ganbara Knight in
attack mode!
Yuma?
Why'D ya go with attack mode?
Ganbara Knight has
zero attack points!
Huh, aw.
Just give up, yuma
you can't win.
Sorry, shark but
I never give up!
Feeling the flow means fighting
'til the very end!
Feeling the flow?
That's right, feeling the flow,
it's kinda my motto!
It's about doing
what can't be done.
Like right now.
I'm gonna find a
way to win this!
You're wrong!
The only thing you're
going to find, yuma
is the bitter taste of
disappointment
and do you know why?
Because I have two monsters on
the field
and you have one, with zero
attack points!
It's fine.
It's good that ganbara Knight's
on offense
it gives us a chance to turn
things around.
Perhaps
perhaps?
Quick, bring back gagaga
magician with monster reborn.
What?
There's no time to argue, you
must trust me! Please.
Yeah, well, I was gonna
do that anyhow.
From my hand, I activate the
spell card monster reborn!
And with it, I bring
back gagaga magician!
So what?
His 1500 attack points are no
threat to me!
At last, the stage is set
for what?
Teamwork.
Overlay level 4 gagaga magician
and ganbara Knight.
Hang on a sec
is this what I think?
Look at your deck, yuma.
Whoa
it looks like an xyz monster
but I can't quite
make out which one
I can.
It's number 39: Utopia.
Hey is this...a number card?
It is.
And now it belongs to you, yuma.
Then let's see what
this baby's got.
Cuz, I'm feelin'
the flow big time!
I overlay level 4 gagaga
magician and ganbara Knight!
And now that I have, I can make
do a little xyz summoning!
So here goes
rise on up
number 39
utopia!
[♪..]
time to take out shark's
monster, utopia!
Attack Drill barnacle!
Go Rising sun slash!
Yeah!
You got number crunched.
How dare you.
Our job isn't finished yet
now to introduce utopia to
leviathan Dragon
another number Monster?
Where'd it come from?
I don't remember yuma having
that card before.
Same here.
Too weird
alrighty, shark, I end my turn.
How cool am I?
I just made an xyz summon!
Bronk, Tori.
Tell me you saw that.
Yeah, we saw it
wasn't it cool?
I am so feeling the
flow right now.
That's great, but...
utopia has 2500 attack points
Leviathan Dragon has 3000.
If shark attacks, it's over.
Oh yeah!
That's bad!
Very bad, especially since now,
it's my turn!
I draw!
From my hand, I activate the
spell card surface.
And since I did, a water monster
now surfaces from my graveyard.
Welcome back, big jaws.
[roaring]
But he won't be back for long, I
now release him
and tribute summon jawsman.
Tribute summon?
Yeah, it's a when ya forfeit a
monster on the field
to bring out a
higher level monster.
[roaring]
now jawsman Gains 300 attack
points
for every other water monster on
my field.
I have one, leviathan Dragon.
So jawsman powers up
2900 attack points.
Now to put them to use.
Leviathan Dragon attack utopia.
Oh well, it was nice while it
lasted, utopia.
If you use utopia's
overlay Unit
utopia will put a stop to
leviathan Dragon's attack.
Now you tell me?
I activate utopia's special
ability
by using an overlay unit
to negate leviathan
Dragon's attack.
Go light wing shield!
So you bought yourself
some time
but that time will
eventually run out!
Your monster's not
strong enough to beat mine.
Yeah, I guess shark
kinda has a point
and you only have
one overlay unit left
to protect yourself with...
So when it's gone, you're life
points will be gone too.
And it looks like This is gonna
happen sooner than later...
'cause you're gonna have to use
it up right now
to protect yourself
from jawsman.
Or utopia is fish food.
What are you waiting for, yuma?
Use utopia's special ability!
Yeah, I could do
that or I could
do this!
I play the trap
Bye Bye damage!
Which means my monster
can say Bye-Bye
to being destroyed this turn.
I told you to use
utopia's ability.
I don't always do as I'm told.
Course my life points still take
a hit from jawsman's attack
but you take the same damage,
only doubled.
What?
Yuma only has 100
life points left.
Thanks for playing that trap,
yuma because now
I can play my trap,
booming urchin!
And it really does pack a punch
because come my turn.
You'll be blasted with 1000
points of damage
and I'll win this.
Aw
that's a major bummer.
Oh no
yuma
your deck is mine!
Face it, yuma
you have lost.
Not yet.
I'm not giving up.
Far from it.
Cuz I'm feeling the flow.
And now
you're gonna feel something.
And here it comes.
The sting of defeat!
Ahhh! Ohh!
Alright!
Goooo!
Utopia, attack leviathan Dragon!
Oh my!
Why's he attacking?
That yuma, he never
stops to think!
And now I activate
utopia's ability
and use an overlay unit to
negate that attack.
You're a duel fool, why would
you negate an attack
that you just ordered.
I'll show you why.
Now, from my hand.
I'm playing the spell
double or nothing.
Where are you going with this?
It's not where I'm going, it's
where utopia's going
cuz since I stopped his attack
before,
his strength is now doubled, and
he gets to attack again.
5000 attack points?
Now go, utopia!
Attack leviathan Dragon with
rising Sun slash!
[Yelling]
Hey, did iwin?
Did he?
He did!
Yea!!!
I did it!
I beat shark!
Minion A: Shark lost
to that nobody?
Minion B: Let's ditch this dork!
Yes, it is as I thought.
This number card represents a
piece of my memory.
But just a small piece.
For my memory to truly return,
I must collect All
99 number cards.
Woohoo!!
you're incredible!
You did it! Alright!
I can't believe it
I've lost.
mom, dad thank you.
Shark
we had a deal.
Thank you.
And thank you for
keeping your word.
You're a good duelist.
I'll see ya around.
Thanks.
And, hey, maybe we can do
this again sometime.
Only, forget the decks
let's just duel for good ol'
fashioned fun!
That's the best way
to feel the flow.
You may have a point.
Till then, yuma
you were feeling the flow on
that last draw, weren't you?
That's why you risked everything
yes?
Kind of
but I also just wanted to give
you a scare
which I did.
And it was fun!
I have a feeling this is the
beginning
of a beautiful friendship.
If...you do as I say.
Huh!
Errrr!
Do as you say?!
not a chance!